first game that came to mind was a sorta simple stealth game. one of those where its just a guy looking in a direction and when he looks
the other way you do an action. redlight greenlight. 

chicken game. marry rose. put a tac on a chair just before they sit on it. the closer you are to the end of the timeframe, the higher the score.
ideas to make it more dynamic:
	
	- if you approach to early you lose.
	- you have the ability to slide dash to go faster. it is nessesary to do to be the game. you won't be able to make the timeframe just
by walking normally.
	- this makes it so you have to consider the brief timeframe for both placing the tac and also when to slide.
	- do not. make marry look normal. making someone stand back up after sitting on something has Got to be someone's fetish and I am NOT
about to be labled as the PIN POKER. Make her a wedding gown with eyes. yea.
	- different successful endings. like 3 or 4. one of them, marry doesn't get up, but the game still lets you know that u won. text shows up
saying "marry's weird."
	- every other ending will just say "MARRY ROSE"

obviously, the most important part is just to get the basic foundation done first. if all you can manage is the most basic game of chicken, do it.

starting out for prototypes, I think a redlight greenlight game is a good idea to try first. I feel like the design will have some crossover with
this kinda game. 

On RLGL:
	
	Basic foundations: I'm going to keep it simple. Don't worry too much on pretells of when the light changes. Make it more of the reaction
time the player has once the light does turn red again. E.G: when moving when the light is green, the right light will change with no warning
in 1 frame. you then have a small time window to let go of the button.

as the game goes on, the time frame will slightly shorten.
 
also make sure to make a buffer on when the light is able to change. this will also shorten the longer the game goes on. 

make these variables increase each time a green light ends, not on duration of the game's time.

E.G: very first round has a timeframe between 10-15 seconds red and then 5-12 seconds green. next round will be 9.5-14.5 seconds red and 4.5-11.5 green.

Score goes up when holding down the move button on green. 

if we end up making this our final, get artsy and use Sy as the character doing his job. red means people are passing by, green means he can stretch his limbs a bit. if you don't move at all, your legs lock and you pass out.